[Durable Objects] WebSocket Hibernation Pricing + drive-by fix (#13043)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/durable-objects/platform/pricing.md

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

Requests:
- 100 requests to establish the WebSockets.
- 1 message per second \* 100 connections \* 60 seconds \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 259,200,000 requests
- (259.2 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $38.73

Compute Duration:
- 100 Durable Objects \* 60 seconds \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 259,200,000 seconds
- 259,200,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 33,177,600 GB-s
- (33,177,600 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $409.72

**Estimated total**: $38.73 (requests) + $409.72 (compute duration) = $453.45 per month

### Example 4

This example represents a moderately trafficked Durable Objects based application using WebSocket Hibernation to broadcast game, chat or real-time user state across connected clients:

* 100 Durable Objects each have 100 Hibernatable WebSocket connections established to each of them.

> * Clients send one message per minute, and it takes 10ms to process a single message in the `webSocketMessage` handler. Since each Durable Object handles 100 WebSockets, cumulatively each Durable Object will be actively executing JS for 1 second each minute (100 WebSockets * 10ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clients send one message per minute, and it takes 10ms to process a single message in the `webSocketMessage()` handler. Since each Durable Object handles 100 WebSockets, cumulatively each Durable Object will be actively executing JS for 1 second each minute (100 WebSockets * 10ms).
```

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

Requests:
- 100 requests to each of the 100 Durable Objects to establish the WebSockets (10,000 initial connections).
- 100 messages per minute<sup>1</sup> \* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 432,000,000 requests
- (432 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $64.65

Compute Duration:
- 100 Durable Objects \* 1 second<sup>2</sup> \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 4,320,000 seconds
- 4,320,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 552,960 GB-s
- (552,960 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $1.91

**Estimated total**: $64.65 (requests) + $1.91 (compute duration) + Minimum $5/mo usage = $71.56 per month

<sup>1</sup> 100 messages per minute comes from the fact that 100 clients connect to each DO, and each sends 1 message per minute.

> <sup>2</sup> we use 1 second here because each Durable Object is active for 1 second per minute. This can also be thought of as 432 million requests that each take 10ms to execute (4,320,000 seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>2</sup> The example uses 1 second because each Durable Object is active for 1 second per minute. This can also be thought of as 432 million requests that each take 10 ms to execute (4,320,000 seconds).
```
